Security policy (#3216)
http4s/http4s: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

We are currently providing security updates to the following versions: 

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 0.21.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.20.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.19.x   | :x: |
| 0.18.x   | :x: |
| < 0.18   | :x: |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> We will use [keybase](https://keybase.io) as the vehicle for reporting security issues as that gives us a

Reviewer: Why, I genuinely ask, do you prefer to use Keybase over just opening a new Github issue?

Author: Discussing security severe security problems in the open allows attackers to see that as well. Once there is a security patch there is usually a race between threat actors to exploit and users to upgrade. We want users to be able to upgrade before they become attacked.

Author: AFAIK there is no way to limit a github issue to just be visible to the reporter and the maintainers. That would be ideal. Using the tools that we already know and use day to day.

Reviewer: Thanks, @hamnis, for the explanation.

Reviewer 2: GitHub's Security feature gives us a private fork, which is helpful for sharing code and discussing the solution among project owners and invited parties.  I'm unclear whether the security advisory exposes draft-status comments to the public.  We're learning about this tool on the fly, but I think Keybase is useful at minimum for initial disclosure.

> much better feedback loop. We want to work with the reporter to make sure we understand the reported issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
forum to discuss, analyze, and remediate the threat before an exploit is published.
[Responsible disclosure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsible_disclosure) enhances security for the entire community.
```

> If the vulnerability is found to be true we will release a patch version of our software

Reviewer 2: Vulnerability as a boolean is awkward phrasing.

```suggestion
If the issue is deemed a vulnerability, will release a patch version of our software
```

> and make sure that finds it way to Maven Central before we push the patch to github.

Reviewer 2: Is it worth mentioning that source jars are still available for every binary on Maven Central?

> After the patch is available on Maven Central, we will also provide a security advisory through github.

Reviewer 2: We can link:

```suggestion
After the patch is available on Maven Central, we will also provide a [security advisory](https://github.com/http4s/http4s/security/advisories) through github.
```

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

We are currently providing security updates to the following versions: 

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 0.21.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.20.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.19.x   | :x: |
| 0.18.x   | :x: |
| < 0.18   | :x: |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

We will use [keybase](https://keybase.io) as the vehicle for reporting security issues as that gives us a
forum to discuss, analyze, and remediate the threat before an exploit is published.
[Responsible disclosure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsible_disclosure) enhances security for the entire community.

> If issue is deemed a vulnerability, we will release a patch version of our software

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the issue is deemed a vulnerability, we will release a patch version of our software
```
